DOCS-685: Use prettier linter (#1835)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/_index.md

images: ["/icons/components.png"]
---

> A _component_ represents a physical piece of electrical or electromechanical hardware in a robot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _component_ represents a physical piece of electrical or electromechanical hardware in a smart machine.
```
?
